Donald Trump has angrily denied claims by the director of Home Alone 2: Lost in New York that he bullied his way into a now famous cameo. The former president made a brief appearance in the 1992 film in a scene filmed at the Plaza Hotel, which he owned at the time. Director Chris Columbus said Mr Trump insisted on appearing in the film if they used the hotel as a location. But Mr Trump said the filmmakers were "begging" him to appear. "I was very busy, and didn't want to do it. They were very nice, but above all, persistent," he wrote on his Truth Social platform on Wednesday. "I agreed, and the rest is history! That little cameo took off like a rocket and the movie was a big success, and still is, especially around Christmas time," he said. "People call me whenever it is aired." "If they felt bullied, or didn't want me, why did they put me in, and keep me there, for over 30 years?" Mr Trump added. "Because I was, and still am, great for the movie, that's why!" The initial comments from Mr Columbus were made in a 2020 interview with Business Insider, although they received renewed attention on social media over Christmas. The director said Mr Trump sought a cameo appearance in addition to the customary fee to film in the hotel. "We paid the fee, but he also said 'the only way you can use the Plaza is if I'm in the movie'," Mr Columbus said. "So we agreed to put him in the movie." He also said people "cheered" when Mr Trump was shown in screenings and that it became a "moment" for the audience. But he added that he "did bully his way into the movie". Mr Trump, however, said "nothing could be further from the truth". In the film, protagonist Kevin McCallister - played by Macaulay Culkin - uses his father's credit card to check into the Plaza where Mr Trump helpfully gives him directions to the lobby. Mr Trump has made dozens of cameo appearances in television series and films including Sex and the City, Zoolander, Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps and Two Weeks Notice.

